This project implements code translation to uneven bytecode, disassembly tool for generated bytecode, and bytecode executor.

# Syntax
## General commands
### push <value>
Push value to stack
Types of argument:
1. push <register> (e.g. push rcx)
2. push <number> (e.g. push 6)
3. push <[register]> (e.g. push [rax] - push value that is in memory at the address rax) 
4. push <[number]> (e.g. push [8] - push value that is in memory at the address 8) 
5. push <[register + number]> (e.g. push [rdx + 12] - push value that is in memory at the address rdx + 12) 

### pop <nothing/register>
Pop value from stack
1. pop without arguments - top of stack is not saved anywhere 
2. pop <register> (e.g. pop rax - top of stack saved into rax)

### in
Request value from the console

### out
Prints value to the console

### hlt
Finish the program
<br /> <br />

  
## Math commands
### add 
Takes two numbers from the stack - the top one and the next one after the top one, adds them and pushes the result onto the stack

### sub 
Takes two numbers from the stack - the top one and the next after the top one, subtracts first from the second and pushes the result onto the stack.

### mul
Takes two numbers from the stack - the top one and the next one after the top one, multiplicates them and pushes the result onto the stack

### div
Takes two numbers from the stack - the top one and the next after the top one, divides first from the second and pushes the result onto the stack.

### sqrt
Extracts the square root of the top of the stack and puts it on the stack.
<br /><br />
   
## Codeflow modifiers
### call <label_name>
Begins to execute the code after the label. Backtracking can be done in two ways: ret (normal return) and recret (exit recursively).
   
### ret
Returnes to the last call position.

### recret
Returnes to the position of the last call of the recursive function.
   
### jmp <label_name>
Jumps to the label.
   
### je <label_name>
Jumps if the last element is equal to the pre-last. Removes both operands from the stack.
   
### jne <label_name>
Jumps if the last element is not equal to the pre-last. Removes both operands from the stack.
   
### ja <label_name>
Jumps if the last element is less than the pre-last. Removes both operands from the stack.
   
### jae <label_name>
Jumps if the last element is less or equal to the pre-last. Removes both operands from the stack.
   
### jb <label_name>
Jumps if the last element is bigger than the pre-last. Removes both operands from the stack.
   
### jbe <label_name>
Jumps if the last element is bigger or equal to the pre-last. Removes both operands from the stack.
   
### Label_name:
Creates label.
   
### meow
Prints 'meow' to the console.
<br /><br /><br />
# Examples
[Calculates the factorial of a number](https://github.com/owl1234/MIPT_projects_1_sem/blob/master/Freaky_CPU_on_defines/factorial.txt)<br />
[Solves a quadratic equation](https://github.com/owl1234/MIPT_projects_1_sem/blob/master/Freaky_CPU_on_defines/quadratic_equation.txt)
